Added Reservation to payments, requests and preauthorizations. (#557)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/preauthorizations.md

| `CreditCardId` | string | required | Unique identifier of the credit card. |
| `Amount` | [Amount value](accountingitems.md#amount-value) | required | Value of the preauthorization. |
| `State` | string [Preauthorization state](#preauthorization-state) | required | State of the preauthorization. |

> | `ReservationId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Reservation](reservations.md#reservation-ver-2023-06-06) the payment request belongs to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ReservationId` | string | optional | Unique identifier of the [Reservation](reservations.md#reservation-ver-2023-06-06) the preauthorization belongs to. |
```
